Driving:
A. Observation:
1. when ppl on the car stopping along the side, slow down and pass through; when there is incoming car from the other direction, stop and wait. 
   do not signal left and change lane, last resort
2. parking area close to T&T, a truck stopping a head, route left to pass it
3. parking area in T&T, while stop line, stop sign
4. 

B. Space margin:
C. Speed:
D. Steering:
E. Communication:
1. turn on/off signal in time, within 3 seconds, avoid any confusing to other cars. do not still keep it on after turns 
   
Intersection left:

1. do not be confused by 2 way left turn. 2 way left turn before intersection: 1st available left turn. Intersection right:
   turn left, be cautious picking up lane, leave enough space to the cars on the incoming road on the left

Intersection through:

Manual Operation:
1. 2 rounds, then pith forward high beam, pouch back low beam 
   1 round shikuan light

Testing Center:
1. left turn, left 30m, right 60m
   right turn, 60m do not rush!!!!!!!!!!!!
   turn right out of the testing center, extremely cautious. the car may speed up changing lane
   (change lane on hidden drive way is accepted. intersection not allowed)


 


6. do not rush to turn left, see clearly and then action. do not turn into their left turning lane. 
7. stop sign, when the car on your right is turning left, wait until it finished. 
8. do not block the lukou, lukou not including the way to the oil station
9. turning right to a busy road, eye contact with driver who give you the way

11. back to the testing center, when the steer just pass the curb, fast steep right turn, do not stop in the middle, add a little gas gently, opposite car should yield, because many cars wait behind, if road too busy, have to wait. so important to finish the whole set smoothly and in time. 
12. back from logan, turn left, than speed up to change to the right lane, then signal right for a steep right turn back
13. when back form 203 street, turn left via 2 way left turn, watch watch. carefully
14. watch lights for pedestrian, when it is white or shining red, their way. yield. when it is steady red, they can't go.
15. when turn right, do not stare left only, watch pedestrian on the right side too
16. be swift when light turn to green
17. once into the parking area, slow down, move forward with 10, turn signal along the way, close to the curbs and yellow edges. very slow at the last step deciding a parking slots. slow as close to 0, give time to the examiner to locate a spot. align the corner of the window to the boundary yellow line. 
18. when heading out, vertical the car to the street turning into. stop to wait a chance. when it is stop, move forward 10cm and then starting steep turn. do not stay on the same spot turning. 
19. when reverse backing steering the car parallel to the edges of the yellow line, do not be obfuscated by your seat in left. watch the small mirror on the right. wheels is OK. no need to be straight. only focus on car's straight. 
20. when heading out, wheels must be straight. 
21. stop line not stop sign. for traffic light ahead. green no stop
22. watch for yellow light. ready to stop
23. left, do not rush to turn left, observe until it is safe
24. left turn, previous car turning it is green. when it is my turn, may already changed to yellow. have to stop
25. the lane most centered, may not be the left turn specific lane, only if it is narrow street. 
    for narrow street, have to put forward head close to window to watch, if there is left turn signal no need
26. when there is no line, no need to signal
27. 64 Ave right turn up to bridge, do not over turn to road under beneath. to 204 st
28. right turn always to the rightest, then after examiner asked for lane change, then change lane. 
29. only steer wheel when it is safe. once heard change lane, mirror, mirror, signal, then wait for a safe gap, keeping up with the speed of the previous car, merge in. do not occupy the left line, the space of the left lane. when the previous car is braking, do not add oil any more

31. left turn, wait until no through car. car may change lane, then go through, still have to wait.
32. 

3. cautious spots:
64 Ave 208 St right signal 
highway 10 56 Ave, no 70 signal, but need 70
fraser Hwy, highway 10, langley bypass 70km/h

1. in residential area, be ready on the brake in case of left, right turns
2. highway, 50 when children on highway
3. whenever change lane, shoulder check even it was clear
4. stop 5 meters away from the pedestrian
5. mirror mirror then signal back mirror glance from time to time
6. scan intersection even it is green
7. school zone, summer non 30, but still have to be 20 for bump
Your Appointments	
 	DATE	LOCATION	TIME	DURATION	TEST
	Tuesday, September 3, 2013	LANGLEY	01:45 p.m.	45 minutes	Class 5 passenger vehicle road test

1. when no lane, or turning lane, no need to signal but ok too just extra
2. cul-de-sac round it to go back
3. when turn right or left during cul-de-sacs alike, but certainly not cul-de-sacs, turn directly, no need to signal
4. turn right, do not occupy the right side too early, adjust the car's position at the last 20m away from turning right. 
5. turning right is sharp, slow down to 20, for shaper ones, slow down to 10. 
6. turning left is softer. even 40 for big degrees, 135 for example. but slow down to 20 mostly in common cases
7. when the previous car start steering, go out. when the front car is still straight, stay. 
   stay straight for the pedestrian, even if she is violating the rule
8. turn right, watch pedestrians too
9. foot ready on brake when there are people along the parking side opening the door
10. watch the sign on the road, left turn, stop behind the line which is far behind the go though lane's stop line, watch the lane to turn into. left turn, keep enough gap, for the incoming left turn cars. 
11. left turn, watch the incoming going through cars. must clearly observe them before taking action
12. when can not see the road ahead, stand for sharp turns, slow down
13. be cautious with the current lane, maybe for right turn only, see the right turn lane sign along the road too, examiner ask to go through
14. spacial conception about the road in parking slots, also 2 ways. when turn left. turn to the farthest lane. turn right close turn along the road. 
15. drive way along side signal
16. 2 way stop, not strict order, full stop first, then scan left to right and then go.
17. 3 way and 4 way stop, stop and go according to the orders
18. round about, yield the car to the left, the car already finished 3/4 or 1/2 round to go to my direction, yield. 
    signal right when going out. return after heading off on the new road, do not return signal too much which caused a      
    left turn. 
19. 
Aug 30. 3hours 
1. cautious spots:
64 Ave 208 St right signal 
highway 10 56 Ave, no 70 signal, but need 70
fraser Hwy, highway 10, langley bypass 70km/h


2. 3 point turn
1) start from the right edge of the road, 
2) all the way to the left, left turn signal
3) reverse, all the way right, signal right
4) put the car in drive, signal left, all the way left

3. ending operations:
steering, switch, last is hand brake
4. open the door, leaving the car, observe if there are incoming cars, any potential danger, use the other hand to open the door
5. parallel parking:
full to the right, seat aligned with the back bumper, reverse until 45 degree, 
then back the steering 2 rounds, until edge tangent to the middle of the window(dashboard to the rear bumper), then all the way to left until no space. 
6. first thing always switch, then signal
7. curve slow down, but never immediate stop
8. be cautious in residential area, do not occupy the incoming direction's road
9. whenever it is straight reverse, put the other hand to the backseat of the associate driving seat, slow and watch, left right scan from time to time
10. when starting out, straight out, when turn right, turn when the steering aligned to the edge of the right line, when turn left, straight out until the half the car is out
11. when operating the swipers, using fingers, hand stay on the steering
12. 45 degree reversing, 2-3 feet away from the edge of the yellow line, steering aligned with the boundary yellow line, all the way to left, signal left, while 45 degree, the boundary yellow line blocked by the back bumper, switch to reversing gear, all the way to right, signal right, backing car, scanning left, right, until the car is straight, observing the opposite spots, to judge whether it is straight. back 2 rounds to straight the wheels, reverse, put the hand on the other seat. slow. do not hit anything. 
2 feet 60 cm,  
13. watch for school zone right after right turn, under trees, 4 way stops
14. traffic lights in trouble, shining red lights, take then as 4 way stops, the cars from the same direction as one collection
15. keep a distance from the pedestrians, slow down far away from them
16. necessary gap for left turn
17. pedestrian, car, light, lines. don't cover the line ever 
18. when changing the line, keep the speed, do not under 50
19. playground sign near turns
20. no order, keep through, need to choose the lane, do not choose the left turn lane. choose the right one to go through
21. go up the bridge, turn right
22. parking down hill with a curb, check mirror signal for right turn, 30 cm to the curb, turn all the way to the right, apply parking brake, turn ignition off, put the car in park gear
    parking up hill with a curb, all the way to the left. all the rest the same. 
    all the rest, turn right. 
23. ending, never leave the door carefree, hold the door 
24. heading out of the stopping spot, turn right, when the steering aligned to the edge of the yellow line, turn left when the full length of the car out. 
    when reversing out, reverse until the full car out of the spot
25. on highway, only one lane, and enough space away from the edge, drive in the middle. very few cases. Other time, drive close to the yellow splitting line, drive to the left. 
2 lanes on the road, always spare the right part, when reaching intersecting, it is 2 lanes, right car turning left
26. merging, changing lane, not always having signal, road ends = change lane, merging
27. merge as well as keeping the speed
28. do not change lane during intersection
29. when stopping due to yield sign, do not block the crossing walk, either stop before or after, judge
30. no merging sign, go my way, no yield. vs yield sign
31. left turn, do not start steering, look out cars going through, yield them. green light is not left turn light. 
32. dotted line for lane change, turn right, only switched on lane, do not turn over too much having an extra lane change, go above the bridge.
33. school zone and play ground always having square sign with speed limit under beneath. look out the one under the tree
34. within 10m towards traffic light, when it is turning yellow or red, stop. 
35. start applying brake 50m towards the traffic light. 
36. sop the car 5m away from the fire equipment
37. keep a longer distance away form a big car
38. when change lane, smooth, soft do not steer wheels too much
39. swift shoulder check
40. one more left signal when yield, merging
   